explain scope beyond "on-path" (#34)
intarchboard/draft-path-signals-collaboration: draft-iab-path-signals-collaboration.md

This section attempts to provide some architecture-level principles
that would help future designers and recommend useful models to apply.

While RFC 8558 {{RFC8558}} is focusing specifically on "on-path elements",
the principles described in this document are effectively applicable to
all kind of information exposure and distribution, not matter if an

> involved node is considered as an "end" or otherwise explicitly addressed,

Author: ```suggestion
involved node is considered as an "end" or any kind of network control element
that is explicitly addressed in the communication,
```
```suggestion
involved node is considered as an "end" or otherwise explicitly addressed,
```
